add instructions to use private Go modules (#294)
ease-lab/vhive: docs/contributing_to_vhive.md

### Avoiding Merge Commits
As mentioned throughout this document, merge commits should be avoided. By having a linear commit history the changes made to the project are more clean, readable, and structured, and avoiding merged pull requests also makes the PR easier to incorporate into the main branch. To avoid merge commits one should follow the guidelines described above, particularly taking care to rebase on the main branch and keeping your forks in sync.

> ### Using Go modules with private Git repo

Reviewer: Make a separate section (## level), called Recommendations, and enclose this subsection there because using private modules is not a requirement like the ones above

We might need to use private Go modules in a public repo. This tutorial enables us to inject our private Go module in a public repo without making our code public. This is a simple 2 step process. 
1. Bypass the default go proxy:
Set GOPRIVATE environment variable to comma separated list of github repo/account for which are private
```bash
# Source https://medium.com/swlh/go-modules-with-private-git-repository-3940b6835727
go env -w GOPRIVATE=github.com/user1,github.com/user2/repo
```
2. Automating the private repo login during build

>     1. Click [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens) to create a Github access token.

Reviewer: what type of token? user token? org token? repo token? which repo?
also please specify which permissions are necessary for the token.

>     2. Execute the following command to use password-less authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Execute the following command to use ssh-keys authentication.

```

Reviewer: please specify what username and access_token fields stand for precisely
